In this lecture we are going to work on the page templates.
Luckily, it won't take much to prepare this templates.
In my browser, I have a copy of the static design.
The page template is very similar to these single templates.
Unlike posts, pages won't have the author's name post date comment, count tags or links to other posts.
Basically it'll be a stripped version of the single template.
Before creating this template, let's check out the documentation for the file name.
Pages can have a dedicated template.
Let's create a generic template for all pages.
The best option is a file called page HTML.
Let's head back to our editor to create this file in the templates directory.
As mentioned before, the page template is similar to the single templates.
Lets transfer the blocks from the single template to the page template.
Next, let's begin stripping the blocks from the template.
Switch over to the full site editor.
Select the page template from the list.
From the list view.
Let's delete the row blocks from the first column.
Lastly, remove the post tags block.
Our template is ready.
Let's copy all the blocks from the template.
Switch over to the page template to overwrite the existing blocks with the latest copy.
That's it.
We're finished with the page templates.
Let's give our template a test by viewing a page on the front end in your browser.
Try navigating to a page.
WordPress should have loaded the page templates.
Unlike posts, pages are going to have a simpler design.
At the end of the day, it's up to you to decide what should be included on a page.
In addition, users have the power to modify the base template to suit their needs.
Let's cover one more template before moving on to block development.